For this particular exercise, the idea
was to use mapState and mapActions.
So what we did is we essentially
took all of the state
that is currently using this.$store, and
then we changed it so
that it uses mapState.
So we are doing ...mapState, and
then we're passing in the specific
state pieces that we're using.
So we're using supply, and
this is a typo, we're using isRestocking.
So those are the two pieces
that we're gonna use.
So we no longer are doing
this.$store.state, we are,
Doing this, I mean we're using this.supply
directly and this.isRestocking directly.
And similarly for mapActions,
you might have noticed that
we have the ability,
as I mentioned earlier, to rename things.
So in my button I called it restock.
So I want to map the name of that
particular thing to the action, let's say.
So I call restock and
then fetchFromInventory.
And then I can create a method called
restock which can then
call restock directly.
It's important for you to know that
you need to have this particular
method in your components that
hooks up actions to specific
pieces that happen in your code
like click events and so on.
Because that's how exactly
a dispatch happens.
The action isn't automatically called,
you need to have a way of calling it.
And so in this case, I have restock, and
then I'm calling that specific action,
which is called restock
because I renamed it.
And then similarly I used dispense,
which is a separate thing.
And so I can create a method called
dispense that calls dispense.
You can easily rename them,
because they can get really confusing.
Especially since you might not
want them to match one-to-one.
So you can just rename it so that it's
not dispense, it can be, It can just
be dispenseItem, and then you can change
it so that it's dispenseItem, and so on.
So that is the particular exercise
with regards to mapActions,
essentially Vuex helpers and
using them within single file components.
We talked about how exactly
to extrapolate the store so
that we can use components and
so on within applications